[docs] Add more/update details to Developer menu in the Debugging guide (#18559)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/debugging.md

The Expo community and the React and React Native communities are great resources for help when you get stuck. There's a good chance someone else has run into the exact same error as you, so make sure to read the documentation, search the [forums](https://forums.expo.dev/), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/), and [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).

> ## Debugging Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debugging tools
```

Please see my next comment (in the developer menu) on why I am suggesting this to change to use sentence case.

Below are a few tools we recommend, and use ourselves, when it comes to debugging your Expo app:

> ### Developer Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Developer menu
```

We can use sentence case here. It's a general menu, not something specific to the Expo Go app. Keeping headers to follow sentence casing is also mentioned in the [Expo's writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#headings).

This menu gives you access to several functions which are useful for debugging, and is built into the Expo Go app. The way you open it is a bit different depending on where you're running the Expo Go app:

- iOS Device: Shake the device, or touch 3 fingers to the screen
- iOS Simulator: Press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>Z</kbd> on a Mac in the emulator to simulate the shake gesture, or press <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>D</kbd>
- Android Device: Shake the device vertically, or if your device is connected via USB, run `adb shell input keyevent 82` in your terminal
- Android Emulator: Either press <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> or run `adb shell input keyevent 82` in your terminal

> The Developer Menu looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have opened the Developer menu, it will appear as below:
```

> <ImageSpotlight alt="The Expo Go Developer Menu, showing the menu options available" src="/static/images/expo-go-developer-menu.png" containerStyle={{ paddingBottom: 0 }} />

Reviewer: The developer menu has been updated with SDK 46 onwards in the latest versions of Expo Go app. Can you please update this image and use the latest one? (Sorry for the inconvenience 🙏 ).

> The Developer Menu provides multiple options. A few are pretty self-explanatory, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Developer menu provides multiple options:
```

I don't think in Expo docs we should be point out something is self-explanatory in obvious terms. Some new comers might not be familiar with them so removing that text.

> - Reload: reload your app - usually not necessary if you have Fast Refresh enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reload: reloads your app. Usually not necessary since Fast Refresh is enabled by default
```

Fast refresh is enabled automatically so I think this should give that context.

> - Copy link to clipboard: Copy the [`exp://` link to your app](../guides/linking.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy Link: copy the [`exp://`](/guides/linking/#linking-to-expo-go) link of your app. 
```

Copy link to clipboard has been changed to Copy Link. Also, let's update the link to direct the developer to the right context on the linking page.

> - Go to Home: Leave your app and navigate back to the Expo Go app homescreen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go Home: leave your app and navigate back to the Expo Go app's Home screen
```

Expo Go app calls home screen: Home, so let's update the casing here too.

> - Enable/Disable Fast Refresh: Toggle automatic refreshing the JS bundle whenever you make changes to files in your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable/Disable Fast Refresh: toggle automatic refreshing of the JS bundle whenever you make changes to files in your project using a text editor
```

Let's add the context of the text editor since this what fast refreshing gives advantage when enabled.

> Now let's explore some of the more exciting functionalities...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's explore some of the more exciting functionalities.
```

Unrelated to the changes in this PR, let's remove the ellipses ("..." ) since it is not required.

#### Debug Remote JS

> Opens a React Native Debugger tab in your browser, thanks to [`@react-native-community/cli-debugger-ui`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/tree/main/packages/cli-debugger-ui):
> 
> <ImageSpotlight alt="The Expo Go Element Inspector, showing details about an element after inspecting it" src="/static/images/react-native-community-cli-debugger-ui.png" containerStyle={{ paddingBottom: 0 }} />
> 
> This allows you to use your browser's DevTools for the Console tab (for using `console.log`).
> 
> ⚠️ The Network tab will not work out of the box! To enable the Network tab and other debugging tools, additional setup is required - see the [React Native Debugger](#react-native-debugger) and [React DevTools](#debugging-with-react-devtools) sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens a React Native Debugger tab in your browser to allow you to use DevTools. For example, you can use the Console tab to read the `console.log` statements.

It uses [`@react-native-community/cli-debugger-ui`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/tree/main/packages/cli-debugger-ui):

<ImageSpotlight alt="The Expo Go Element Inspector, showing details about an element after inspecting it" src="/static/images/react-native-community-cli-debugger-ui.png" containerStyle={{ paddingBottom: 0 }} />

> **warning** The Network tab will not work out of the box. To enable the Network tab and other debugging tools, additional setup is required, see the [React Native Debugger](#react-native-debugger) and [React DevTools](#debugging-with-react-devtools) sections below.
```

Let's lead this section with _what_ it does and is for.

#### Show Performance Monitor

> Opens up a small window giving you performance information of your app. You will see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens up a small window giving you performance information about your app. It provides:
```

- RAM usage of your project
- JavaScript heap (this is an easy way to know of any memory leaks in your application)
- 2 numbers for Views, the top indicates the number of views for the screen, the bottom indicates the number of views in the component

> - Frames Per Second for the UI and JS threads. The UI thread is used for native Android or iOS UI rendering. The JS thread is where most of your logic will be run, including API calls, touch events, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Frames Per Second for the UI and JS threads. The UI thread is used for native Android or iOS UI rendering. The JS thread is where most of your logic runs, including API calls, touch events, and so on.
```

Unrelated to the changes in this PR but I think we can remove the latin abbreviation as per the writing style guide: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#abbreviations

#### Show/Hide Element Inspector

Shows the Element Inspector overlay:

<ImageSpotlight alt="The Expo Go Element Inspector, showing details about an element after inspecting it" src="/static/images/expo-go-element-inspector.png" containerStyle={{ paddingBottom: 0 }} />

This overlay has capabilities to:

1. Inspect: Inspect elements
2. Perf: Show Performance overlay
3. Network: Show network details
4. Touchables: Highlight touchable elements

### React Native Debugger

> The React Native Debugger includes a lot of the tools listed later in this page, all bundled into one, including React-DevTools ([guide below](#debugging-with-react-devtools)) and network request inspection. For this reason, if you use one tool on this page, it should probably be this one!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React Native Debugger includes many tools listed later on this page, all bundled into one, including [React DevTools](#debugging-with-react-devtools) and network request inspection. For this reason, if you use one tool from this page, it should probably be this one.
```

Unrelated to the changes in this PR but I think this is a good opportunity to update some here to match Expo's writing style guide.
